Spree Authorize.net Hosted CIM
==========================

This Spree extension implements the Authorize.net CIM hosted form so that users
can enter their payment method information on Auth.net's hosted form and you
don't have to be PCI compliant.

## Features

* Syncs payment methods created with the hosted form down to your spree
  database, so users can manage their payment methods right in your store
  interface.
* Reworks the spree checkout process to more sensibly interact with the hosted
  form and its workflow.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_authorizenet_hosted_cim', github: 'cehdeti/spree_authorizenet_hosted_cim'
  ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree_authorizenet_hosted_cim:install
  ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

5. Ensure that you have at least one active payment method that uses the
   Authorize.net CIM gateway.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_authorizenet_hosted_cim/factories'
```


## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

Copyright (c) 2016 CEHDETI, released under the New BSD License
